_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://www.ece.cornell.edu/'>ECE Ph.D. Student at Cornell University</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Cornell University</p>
    <p>Electrical and Computer Engineering</p>
    <p>Ithaca, NY 14853</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Hi there! I'm a first-year ECE Ph.D. Student at [Cornell University](https://www.cornell.edu/), and I'm honored to be advised by [Prof. Mert Sabuncu](https://sabuncu.engineering.cornell.edu/) and [Prof. Qingyu Zhao](https://mini-cornell.github.io/members/qingyu-zhao.html).

My research is now focusing on **AI for Medicine** especially in 3D vision learning and understanding, previously I'm working on Computer Vision at CMU CS and AI for Healthcare at Georgia Tech and Emory. I'm passionate about developing intelligent systems that can make a meaningful impact in healthcare.

If you're interested in research collaborations or have any questions, please feel free to contact me at: jouiney666 [at] gmail [dot] com.

## Research Interests

- **AI for Medicine**
- **3D Vision Learning**
- **Multimodal Learning**

---

*For more information, please visit the dedicated pages in the navigation menu.*

Commit message:

Add Resume/CV page with PDF viewer
- Created dedicated resume page with embedded PDF viewer
- Added resume link to homepage (about.md)
- Uploaded resume.pdf to assets/pdf/
- Updated navigation order for all pages
- Resume accessible via navigation menu and direct links

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://www.ece.cornell.edu/'>ECE Ph.D. Student at Cornell University</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Cornell University</p>
    <p>Electrical and Computer Engineering</p>
    <p>Ithaca, NY 14853</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Hi there! I'm a first-year ECE Ph.D. Student at [Cornell University](https://www.cornell.edu/), and I'm honored to be advised by [Mert Sabuncu](https://sabuncu.engineering.cornell.edu/) and [Qingyu Zhao](https://mini-cornell.github.io/members/qingyu-zhao.html), previously working on Computer Vision at CMU CS, also on AI for Healthcare at Georgia Tech and Emory.

My research is now mainly focused on **AI for Medicine** especially in 3D vision learning and understanding. I'm passionate about developing intelligent systems that can make a meaningful impact in healthcare.

📄 **[View my full Resume/CV here](/resume/)** or download the [PDF version](/assets/pdf/resume.pdf).

If you're interested in research collaborations or have any questions, please feel free to contact me at: jouiney666 [at] gmail [dot] com.

## Research Interests

- **AI for Medicine**
- **3D Vision Learning**
- **Multimodal Learning**

---

*For more information, please visit the dedicated pages in the navigation menu.*
